♪ Hey, why is it happening ♪
♪ My heart is racing ♪
♪ The world has fallen silent ♪
♪ Hey, when I imagine you ♪
♪ What kind of look ♪
♪ Attracted me to you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
=Love Me, Love My Voice=
=Episode 24=
(Your family is like my own.)
What do you think his future wife
will look like?
Doudou, what type does Mr. Feng like?
I don't know. He doesn't seem
interested in anyone.
Look, the Top Three of our studio
are three types of people.
Qiang Qingci keeps to himself.
Juemei seems interested in anyone.
Feng Yasong is friends with everyone,
but it feels like
there is no chemistry
between him and anyone.
A love-repellent one, a passionate one,
and one who doesn't know how to love.
- He's destined to be forever alone.
- Am I going to die alone this time?
Definitely not.
Your relentless and tireless chasing
paid off and you won over your partner.
Bai Moqing.
This can be counted as good news.
By the way, what does Mr. Qiang perform?
- General Xiuwu, the immortal male lead.
- Fine.
He's always the savior of the world,
and I'm his escort.
He can't take your place.
Mao,
I'm free now. What am I going
to voice this time?
His partner.
- Doudou.
- Mr. Feng.
- Nice to work with you again.
- Nice to work with you.
- Let's get started.
- Okay.
- It's finished.
- 40.
- Okay.
- I'll pay.
- It's okay. I'll do it.
- It's our studio affairs, Mr. Mo.
- Yes, this is our business.
Okay, I can't refute this reason.
Let me.
What does your company do?
It's more or less music production.
- Would you like to take a look inside?
- Can I?
- Please, this way.
- Alright.
Let me show you.
This is our recording room.
It's filled with musical instruments.
Really nice.
Can my little grandson enroll?
Perhaps in the future.
When we make a name,
we'll start a training class.
The water dispenser
at our beauty salon is broken.
I've worked all morning
and even not had a sip of water.
Qiang...
We met again.
You have a guest. I have another place
to go, so I'll take my leave.
- Okay, thank you.
- Thank you.
Leader, you're back.
Sorry. This is my work uniform
during office hours.
Let's formally introduce ourselves.
I'm the leader of this unknown club.
Qiang Qingci, the Perfect Voice Studio.
I thought I was formal enough.
Turns out our leader is even more so.
This is different, okay?
I didn't know his true identity last time.
But this time,
I'm representing the club.
You sit down.
I need to drink some water.
- I'm too thirsty.
- Sure.
Sit.
You came suddenly today.
We don't have anything good to offer.
- Or you may go to my shop for a facial.
- Good idea. She's a senior technician.
- Really? But, no thanks.
- We're joking with you.
Why not stay and have dinner tonight?
Our club has gained some fame
after Sheng's performance in Yangshuo.
I'll treat you to dinner tonight
to thank you for taking care of Sheng.
No need. It's what I should do.
I should too. I'm her boss, after all.
I'll thank you on her behalf.
Don't be a stranger.
Right, there's no need for formalities.
We are like Sheng's family.
Alright. If you keep treating him
as a stranger, he may not come again.
The last time I came,
I didn't officially win Sheng over,
so it wasn't easy to say who I was.
- This time, to make amends, I'll cook.
- Great. I'll buy the ingredients.
Okay.
- I'll take care of washing and cutting.
- Okay.
- There are still customers in my shop.
- You'd better go take care of them.
- Come and eat after you finish it.
- OK, thank you, Mr. Qiang. I'll leave.
- Bye.
- Eat it.
- Just this one.
Xiyou, I want to order takeaway too.
- Take a look.
- Okay.
What do you want to eat?
Mo Qingcheng should be off work by now.
Why doesn't he come back for dinner?
It's not easy to
catch him not working overtime.
Doesn't he come to cook for us?
We are sick of ordering takeout.
Mr. Mo is not the man he used to be.
The Perfect Cafeteria of today
isn't the Perfect Cafeteria of the past.
The head chef eloped with someone.
I'm leaving. You guys eat.
- Shall we change to another restaurant?
- Okay.
Change to...
Off Key,
is Mr. Mo at your home?
- I-I-I don't know.
- I don't know.
- Stop pretending.
- He is definitely at their home.
- I'm not eating anymore.
- No?
According to our rules,
each annual recruitment
is considered a generation.
Which generation are we in?
The seventh generation.
We have recruited
seven generations in total.
Wang Ke,
putting it that way
really makes me feel old.
By the 10th anniversary,
you should have realized
you're getting old
and should have retired.
- Take my plate for me.
- Do it yourself.
I can still sing for 20 more years,
right, little boy?
It smells so good!
What dish is this used for?
Braised meat
with pickled vegetable and rice.
It looks so delicious.
Each slice of meat
wraps around two lotus seeds.
That's amazing. I've never eaten
nor have I ever seen this dish before.
- So this is how it's done.
- You can eat it soon.
Then we fill it with rice.
So the rice goes in last.
- Help me time it, 30 minutes.
- 30.
Done.
This dish looks very complicated
but when you make it, it's simple.
Of course.
Thank you
for being so kind to my family.
Your family is like my own.
Hold on.
They are in the rehearsal room.
Continue.
♪ Hey, why is it happening ♪
♪ My heart is racing ♪
♪ The world has fallen silent ♪
♪ Hey, when I imagine you ♪
♪ What kind of look ♪
♪ Attracted me to you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
I will be back in a moment.
Won't you have dinner with us?
I still have a bunch of voice-over work
to complete for Mao.
It's so hard.
Indeed, it's tough.
Then,
should there be some consolation?
How should I console you?
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
Haven't we just kissed?
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
Taste it.
- Thanks.
Qiang Qingci cooked dinner but left
without taking a bite. Is it okay?
He has got so much work to do.
When I heard him say today
that he was a doctor,
I was thinking
he must be too busy. Right?
Anyway, he's either in the hospital
or in their studio.
Last time, he went to Yangshuo
for the 10th anniversary.
It was said to be
his first long vacation over the years.
Being too excellent
can also be worrisome.
It'd be okay if he was just a nobody.
But he's not. He's Qiang Qingci.
He gets the best projects.
And he's a doctor,
so there must be
a lot of patients waiting.
He can't drop either one.
When he gets to
the top as a doctor in the future,
like a director or what,
he won't be able
to take care of both, right?
(Whether being a doctor
or a dubbing actor, he does his best.)
(No matter which one he gives up,
it'd be hard for him.)
(I hope that day comes a little later.)
(Dubbing Actors)
You. Is that you, You? You've grown up.
Mr. Mo.
- Didn't you go to eat?
- I have eaten.
I came to read the script
to prepare in advance.
You need to eat. With so many seniors,
no need to be afraid.
- How is it?
- Mao.
What's going on today?
Everyone is drinking milk tea.
It's buy one, get one free.
It's treated by Mr. Feng.
Thank him.
- Do you have one?
- It's there. I haven't drunk it yet.
Drink it after the recording.
It's too sweet.
Come on, young man.
I'll run lines with you.
It's the newbies' benefits.
Thank you, Mao.
- Relax. Don't be nervous.
- Okay.
- Mr. Mo, I am ready.
- Let's get started.
It's been four years, Mr. Mo.
4 years?
It's been so long?
You are her only kin.
You are also my only buddy.
- If something happens to you,
- Has he read the biography yet?
I'll be ashamed to see her.
Didn't he read it many times just now?
You must be alright.
- Then I have no more regrets.
- Pause it.
Off Key,
I've just taken a look and I think
the character profile is too short.
I've read the entire script.
I'll add some points for you.
The character began his trial with hope,
and he died while saving people.
He wanted to confess his feelings
but couldn't, so he had regrets.
You should try to seek
this kind of regretful feeling.
It's okay. Don't be nervous
I will be here tonight with you.
Thank you, Mr. Mo.
Come on. Let's do it again.
- Let's start it.
- Ready.
It's been four years, Mr. Mo.
4 years?
It's been so long?
You are her only kin.
You are also my only buddy.
If something happens to you,
I'll be ashamed to see her.
You must be alright.
Then I have no more regrets.
Off Key,
in this scene, you're about to die,
so you shouldn't have so much breath.
Just a tiny bit of breathiness will do.
And tone down your emotions.
4 years?
It's been so long?
That is, be more sentimental.
Do you understand?
- Try a few more times.
- Okay.
- Go.
It's been four years, Mr. Mo.
4 years?
It's been so long?
You are her only kin.
- He got it soon.
- The boy is quite smart.
Good foundation.
If something happens to you,
I'll be ashamed to see her.
You must be alright.
Then I have no more regrets.
Okay.
This time, it is much better.
Let's try a few more times, okay?
Keep this feeling and practice more,
you will progress soon.
Thank you, Mr. Mo. I will try hard.
- Let's try again. Go on.
- Okay.
It's been four years, Mr. Mo.
4 years?
It's been so long?
You are her only kin.
- What is it?
- The anniversary,
this year's first task
was perfectly completed.
Now the second main event,
the traditional music festival
in September officially begins.
- Go for it, Mr. Juemei.
- Mr. Juemei, your task. Let me look.
- Cheer up, Mr. Juemei.
- Aren't you sleepy now?
The four major clubs take turns
to plan every year. It's finally ours.
You've been resting for three years.
It's not easy to get the chance.
Don't look helpless.
- Covering face and crying.
- Why cover your face?
- Good morning, Mr. Mo.
- Can't I take a break?
- Morning.
Can I rest a little? Just how long
has it been since we finished?
- Let me look.
- Isn't three years enough?
You see.
- Heaps of things to do just after a rest.
- Let me take a look.
It's fine. Go home and rest today.
You can do it tomorrow.
Anyway, I'm not doing it.
Whoever wants it can have at it.
You look. It's quite good.
Let me do it this year.
- I'll be the chief planner.
- Okay, then you do it. He'll do it.
- Aren't you just solving his problem?
- Okay? Can you be more reliable?
- Not okay.
- No.
Mr. Mo, didn't I hear
Feng Yasong mention
that a doctor in your department
was going on maternity leave?
With your workload doubled,
- can you handle it?
- Can you?
I want
to use this chance to say goodbye.
I'll go behind the scenes.
- A-A-Are you joking?
- Stop messing around.
- What joke?
- I'm serious.
I'll have Xiyou make coffee
to wake you up.
Could it be that everyone stayed up late
last night and is not very sober?
I've been gradually
stepping back over the years.
Isn't it all in preparation for this?
I won't drink coffee.
We know you're trying to fade away.
But you...
You can't make it this sudden, can you?
You can't...
- just tell us straight up?
- Didn't you give us an alert before?
We even talked about fan-made songs
this morning. You gave us no notice.
I'm only retiring. I'm not disappearing.
Why would I need to issue a warning?
- Doudou, I heard you wanted coffee.
- Four cups with extra strength.
- OK. You all stayed up late last night?
- Almost. We need to wake up.
Okay, no problem.
Okay. Can you tell us
in detail what you think?
Okay.
Over the years,
due to work reasons,
I have rejected many projects.
Some were from old friends.
Some were from the newcomers.
I believe it's difficult for everyone
to treat them equally, right?
Worldly wisdom is unavoidable.
Therefore,
I want to say a formal goodbye.
In this way,
it can give newcomers
some opportunities.
To old friends,
there's also an explanation.
We entered the industry early
and have made a name.
Look, good resources
good scripts, good projects,
all sent over to us first.
For any major project, we are
the first ones to be considered, right?
It's always us over and over again.
It's not fair to the newcomers.
The coffee is here.
- Thanks.
- Thanks
- Go take a rest. Go have breakfast.
- Okay, thank you, Doudou.
In summary,
I'll slowly get out
of the lead role.
I'm planning to become
a dubbing director to guide newcomers.
Or I might do
occasional cameos, free of charge.
Serving as a supporting role.
There will be fewer opportunities
to hear your works in the future.
But at the same time, there will be
a lot of new actors and new works.
Right?
Okay.
Then you can be the dubbing director
and I can be your assistant director.
Alright?
Working together
with good buddies won't be tiring.
Okay, I would stop you
if you want to do it.
I'm mentally prepared now. I agree.
But I don't know if the fans agree.
I have no objections.
Whether onstage or behind the scenes,
you belong to Tianzi No. 1 forever.
Yeah, I belong to Tianzi No. 1 forever.
Do you have any objections?
No objections here. I have none.
No objections.
Still sad about Mr. Mo's retirement?
Not only Mr. Zhou, but everyone gets
upset after hearing the news?
Actually, I think this is a good thing.
Isn't our industry
short of voice-over directors?
You first need professional skills
and experience in voice-over, right?
Secondly, you need to know
how to choose projects,
how to interpret scripts
and how to revise scripts.
Of course, you also need the ability
to communicate with scriptwriters.
Think about it, having a group of
big shots come over to do voice acting.
That can be quite intimidating.
Why would they willingly
follow your guidance
and even role assignment?
Crucially, you also need to know about
commercial voice acting, games
as well as online voiceovers.
Qiang Qingci understands them all.
So with him as the voice-over director,
you'll see us take it up a notch.
- What you're saying is all correct.
- Then why still the long face?
How do I put it?
It's like I love an old actor's works,
but one day he suddenly stops acting.
I can't see it anymore.
I think it's quite a pity.
Mr. Mo is still in full bloom.
He's not old.
Yes. He just has a lot of experience.
But from what I know about him,
it's just a matter of time
before he goes behind the scenes.
- He likes being behind the scenes?
- Yes, he does.
His start in dubbing
was actually an accident.
Back then,
he was enticed into post-production.
After the audio was collected,
he found out the record
of one actor simply couldn't be used.
He braced himself and went ahead anyway.
Doudou.
What's wrong?
Several dry sounds can't be used.
One is the microphone problem.
All are mixed sounds.
Let him re-record it. Also, there is one
that has too much saliva sound.
Let him eat an apple before recording.
This can make the mouth drier.
Okay, any other problems?
Yeah, the dry sound
from the third female character.
There's a sound of needle ticking in it.
Remind her.
Record those again and send them to me.
- Can you fix it in post-production?
- Post-production is not omnipotent.
Don't leave early stages issues
for post-production.
- That's all. Nothing more.
- Okay.
Okay.
What are you doing? Eating by yourself?
Is there a share for me?
I was recording sound effects.
You made me have to redo it.
Recording the sound of eating an apple?
Recording for an audio drama
in which a character eats apples.
- It needs this sound effect.
- You continue. I won't make a sound.
- And the sound of jumping into a river.
- You're going to jump?
I don't know.
At leisure, he recorded sound effects
for everyone to use for free.
At that time, many audio dramas
used the sound effects he recorded.
Drink in large gulps.
Don't make any noise
other than the sound of drinking water.
Stop. It's wrong. Have you seen
a delicate lady walking so heavily?
You're not thinking about
disassembling the bed, are you?
How come is there such a plot?
- Do me a favor.
- You tell me first. I'll consider.
- You get into the quilt and tumble.
- Tumbling?
Get into the quilt.
- Like this?
- Tumble.
Do it hard.
- Use your strength.
- Is it enough?
- Kick the quilt.
- Kicking?
Okay, hit the bed.
You're too forceful. Be gentle.
Yes, hit the bed rhythmically.
Come on. Good.
Faster. Don't stop. Faster.
Faster.
Don't stop. Faster.
Even faster. OK, we got it.
- What do you need this recording for?
- For an erotic scene.
You should have told me earlier.
I'd do it harder.
(You rock, giving away
free material every day.)
(Since I've recorded them,
why not share them?)
That actor kept me waiting and finally,
said he was too busy to record.
I have to find someone else.
If it doesn't work, I'll have to beg him.
He has a slight cold. Indeed,
his voice doesn't sound good now.
- Or you wait until he gets better?
- No, I don't have time. I really don't.
Can you do me a favor?
Do you know of anyone
with good vocal conditions
and a sense for acting?
You understand the role pretty well.
Can you find a man to dub it?
Well, if you don't mind,
I'll try recording it for you.
Good idea. Why didn't I think of that?
Do you need me to send you the script?
Oh, you have it. What else do you need?
Do you need me to explain the play?
Probably not.
All in all, the character is loveless
and not interested in anyone.
You need to display a cold attitude
and a touch of a bystander's feeling.
- Got it.
- Oh, right.
In the first episode, there is a scene
where you argue with the female lead.
We should let you two rehearse
in the voice chat room,
but our female lead is quite busy.
She's on a business trip
and probably doesn't have time.
So you might need to imagine the feeling
of arguing with her by yourself.
Okay.
Don't think dubbing is easy.
It's not like post-production at all.
Record it several times to provide
enough material for post...
I forgot it. You are in post-production,
so it's all right.
In any case, don't be nervous.
If it's not ideal, take it slow.
It's the weekend today, and no one
is in the dormitory. I'll do it now.
- I'll hang up.
- Alright. Thanks.
Who would have thought
Qiang Qingci would just pop out?
He filled in for an audio drama,
and he instantly became popular.
He was born to be a voice actor.
In the early days,
we were short of people.
He's done scriptwriting, post-production,
planning and voice acting.
Speaking of post-production,
he is also a master.
He was familiar with those
from the traditional music
and voice acting circles,
so they'd go to him when they were
producing songs or plays.
Let me find the traditional-style songs
from earlier.
Like this one, this one.
- And this one too.
- This as well?
Right, he did all these.
He was uncredited in the early days,
so not many people knew.
Even if he's credited, few people
care about the team behind the scenes.
It's even rare to pay attention to
the lyricist and composer of a song.
Initially, it was all about forums
like Tieba, YY and also 5sing.
After Weibo came along,
everyone started using Weibo.
I remember Qiang Qingci and I were
among the first to reach 10,000 fans.
- It was a big deal then.
- Yes, at that time.
Later on, he was the first
to have over 100,000 fans.
- Now it's several million.
- Yes, it's several million now.
But all along, no one knew
who Qiang Qingci was.
- You look like you sound, quite mature.
- Really? Maybe.
- You're still at university?
- I'm about to graduate.
I've been graduated for several years.
I'm starting a business now,
so I need to dress maturely.
Why don't we stop waiting?
Let's just start eating, okay?
Let's wait for them to come.
I have two surgeries
to deal with after eating.
You're not a doctor.
Why are you involved?
- Didn't you say you sold heart stents?
- Yes.
We sell them, and we are
responsible for post-sales support.
Being involved with the surgery
is a basic requirement.
Because I've just started a business.
I'm both the boss and the salesperson.
Let's not talk about this.
You must cherish your college days now.
Maybe. I'm about to graduate.
I don't know what to do afterwards.
I think you can pursue
a professional voice acting career.
- Really? I also sing, so I...
- That's fine. I think all is possible.
- Are you Qiang Qingci or Feng Yasong?
- Feng Yasong.
- You didn't say you were in high school.
- So what?
- Fine. I'm jealous of your age, okay?
- Okay.
- What happened to your arm?
- Nothing. Just a basketball injury.
Bro, quite handsome.
- Do you know who I am?
- Juemei.
- Qiang Qingci is not your style. Here.
- Okay.
Your bandaging is unprofessional.
Let me do it, okay? It is my specialty.
- For free.
- Good. I'll save money.
I'm the only one who posted a picture.
Wasn't it a bit unfair
that all of you didn't?
- What's so unfair about it?
- Yeah.
- Hello, how many people?
- I'm with the folks inside.
He's incredible.
He looks better than he sounds.
I am Qiang Qingci.
- Come on in. Give me your bag.
- Okay.
- You can live here this vacation.
- Thank you.
Will you miss your parents if you
don't go home for the Spring Festival?
I'm used to it.
I've been living away from home
since junior high,
and later I stayed with relatives while
attending school on a temporary basis.
To save on bus fares,
I often don't go home.
I did kind of well in my studies.
Maybe I can help you with your revision.
Being excellent isn't anything
to be ashamed of.
Being overly modest,
however, is too much.
A top talent from
a first-class medical college,
and you tell me you did kind of well?
You make a high school student
like me ashamed.
Enough.
Study hard and get into our university.
Scheduling plays will be easier.
To be your junior?
I have no fewer fans online than you,
and you're dreaming of being my senior.
Clear up now. Our saute spicy chicken
is served for a limited time.
- You have saute spicy chicken here?
- Yeah, excited? Hurry up.
I'll go wash my hands now.
How have you been recently?
Do you feel shortness of breath?
No, I'm much better.
- Your bowel movements and urination?
- They're normal now.
(Everyone was busy at that time
with their own work and studies)
(but still managed to
squeeze out time to do the dubbing.)
(Although busy,
it was still quite fulfilling.)
- Been running around all night. Tired?
- Yeah.
It's inevitable to feel a bit tired
during this start-up phase. Keep going.
- Is Table Three ready yet?
- Almost.
It's overwhelmingly busy today. I guess
it will last till midnight again.
At least better than
having no customers.
- Hurry up. Be careful.
- Yes.
- Hello, what would you like to order?
- A cup of mocha.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
- You came here.
- I need Wang Ke. Go on with your work.
- What time do you get off work?
- At 3 AM.
- Qiang Qingci is here.
- What is extinct?
- Qiang Qingci.
- Really?
- Wait for me a second. I need someone.
- I knew it.
- Sui, come on over.
- Let's get excited.
Don't. Cover for me a sec.
Someone needs me.
- Let's get excited.
- Stop it, or my pay will be docked.
It's in the back.
- What drink?
- I'm fine with anything.
Anything.
We're coming.
I'm really too excited.
Finally, I see the real person.
- I just hugged Mr. Qiang, right?
- How do you know he's Qiang Qingci?
Are you dumb? I've seen all of you.
This is the only unfamiliar face.
Hello, Mr. Wang Ke.
I've heard so much about you.
You too, Mr. Qiang. I'm so excited.
- I was afraid that you two would fight.
- Why would we?
You sound just like him.
Many posts online compare you guys,
suggesting you could replace him.
How ridiculous. I'm just a singer,
but I can also do a bit of dubbing.
- You forgot it? Mr. Qiang sings well too.
- We can create a song together later.
Then let's replace each other.
Alright.
- Order whatever you like. All on me.
- That's very generous of you.
- I want the most expensive one.
- I'm ordering, waiter.
No matter how many fans you had
or what famous drama you'd dubbed,
it all had nothing to do with real life.
Because everything was free.
We didn't rely on this to make money.
Everyone did it out of passion.
We didn't get paid.
- But it was fulfilling and joyful.
- Yes.
Whenever I saw a message
from the fans saying
they loved it and
listened to it over and over again,
- I felt accomplished and elated.
- Right.
Speaking of which,
the Internet is really a good thing.
It can give ordinary people
a second life, just like living again.
As long as you have a special skill,
you can find like-minded people there.
You can find a stage
to showcase your talents.
Yes.
Who could have imagined
the male lead of an audio drama
with over a million downloads online,
Qiang Qingci,
recorded in such a tiny dormitory?
I have it worse, okay?
I have no place to record.
I can only go to
Feishao's place to do it each time.
I have an idea.
I've always wanted
to set up a dubbing team.
♪ Meteor flies to the edge of the sky ♪
♪ Crossing the horizon ♪
♪ The wind listens to all the wishes ♪
♪ Fluttering memories ♪
♪ Sunshine through the dancing leaves ♪
♪ Falls on the boy's shoulder ♪
♪ The journey of youth has no end ♪
♪ Year by year ♪
♪ Rain will pass by your window ♪
♪ Then run towards the sunny day ♪
♪ Dreams await at the start
of our encounter ♪
♪ Touching the fingertips ♪
♪ Longing for the world in your eyes ♪
♪ The unspoken understanding
reflects in our gaze ♪
♪ You smile ♪
♪ And get a little closer to me ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ Let it blossom ♪
♪ Meteor flies to the edge of the sky ♪
♪ Crossing the horizon ♪
♪ The wind listens to all the wishes ♪
♪ Fluttering memories ♪
♪ Sunshine through the dancing leaves ♪
♪ Falls on the boy's shoulder ♪
♪ The journey of youth has no end ♪
♪ Year by year ♪
♪ Rain will pass by your window ♪
♪ Then run towards the sunny day ♪
♪ Dreams await at the start
of our encounter ♪
♪ Touching the fingertips ♪
♪ Longing for the world in your eyes ♪
♪ The unspoken understanding
reflects in our gaze ♪
♪ You smile ♪
♪ And get a little closer to me ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ Let it blossom ♪